Cricketer Suresh Raina at his relative’s house in Pathankot

CHANDIGARH/PATHANKOT: Nearly a month after the uncle of Indian cricketer Suresh Raina was killed in an attack on his house in Pathankot district, the special investigation team (SIT) formed to probe the case arrested three members of an inter-state gang of criminals. Punjab chief minister Amarinder Singh made the announcement on Wednesday, when Raina visited his uncle’s house at Thariyal in Pathankot district.

DGP Dinkar Gupta said those arrested have been identified as Sawan alias Matching, Muhobbat and Shahrukh Khan — all residents of Chirawa and Pilani shanties in Jhunjhunu district of Rajasthan. They were arrested on Tuesday following a raid in a slum area near Pathankot railway station after receiving an input about the presence of three suspects. The raid team also seized gold rings (one bearing AK initials), a gold chain, Rs 1,530 cash and two wooden sticks from the accused. Eleven other accused in the case are yet to be arrested, he said.

The gang had struck at the house of Raina’s uncle and contractor Ashok Kumar (58) on August 19. While Ashok was killed on spot, his son Kaushal (32) had succumbed to injuries on August 31. Raina’s paternal aunt Asha Rani is still in hospital with critical injuries while another cousin Apin (27) and Ashok’s mother Satya Devi have been discharged from hospital.

Gupta said the gang had committed a number of similar crimes in Uttar Pradesh, Jammu and Kashmir and Punjab. Sawan, who is originally from UP, told SIT that the group had moved from Chirawa and Pilani (Rajasthan) in an auto owned by one Nausau, who also lives in a shanty at Chirawa, to Jagraon in Ludhiana district on August 12. They had purchased a hand saw, two pliers and a screw driver from a hardware shop and some under garments before leaving for Pathankot but after committing a robbery in Jagraon on August 14, he said. In Pathankot, they were joined by one Sanju, who knew the area well, in conducting a recee.

On August 19, around 7-8 pm, they moved in small groups and reached a designated spot in an open field where Rashid, Nausau and Sanjubrought wooden sticks to use as weapons to batter the victims.

